What is your preferred location for college? (e.g. state, region, city)
What subject do you want to study?
What size of college do you prefer? (e.g. small, medium, large)
What type of college do you prefer? (e.g. public, private, for-profit)
How much can you afford to pay for tuition and other expenses?
How selective do you want the college to be? (e.g. highly selective, selective, less selective)
Are you interested in participating in Greek life?
Do you prefer a college with a strong athletics program?
Do you prefer a college with a diverse student body?
Do you prefer a college with a specific religious or philosophical affiliation?
Do you have a preference for living on campus?
Do you need a college with specific resources or accommodations for students with disabilities?
Are you interested in studying abroad?
Do you prefer a college with a strong career services program?
Do you have any other specific preferences or needs for your college experience?


Do you want to attend a college with a strong liberal arts program?
Do you prefer a college with a strong research program?
Do you have a preference for a college with a rural, suburban, or urban campus?
Do you want to attend a college with a strong international student program?
Do you prefer a college with a strong Honors program?
Do you have a preference for a college with a strong program in a particular sports division (e.g. Division I, Division II, Division III)?
Do you want to attend a college with a strong study abroad program?
Do you prefer a college with a strong program in a particular area of study (e.g. engineering, business, nursing)?
Do you want to attend a college with a strong program in a particular field (e.g. science, technology, engineering, math)?
Do you have a preference for a college with a specific type of academic calendar (e.g. semester, quarter)?
Do you want to attend a college with a strong program in a particular area of study (e.g. humanities, social sciences, natural sciences)?
Do you prefer a college with a strong program in a particular area of study (e.g. arts, humanities, social sciences)?
Do you have a preference for a college with a strong program in a particular area of study (e.g. engineering, business, education)?
Do you have a preference for a college with a strong program in a particular area of study (e.g. law, medicine, dentistry)?
Do you have any other specific preferences or needs for your college experience?


